durán
the old village of coyoacán is from
centuries ago one of the favorite places
from the capital to go for a walk
that way you could see from the heights in
1930s era when nurseries
coyoacán created by initiative of
Miguel Angel de Quevedo were
declared national park
at the entrance of the side of the avenue
university is the small chapel of
san antonio panzacola baroque style
built in the 18th century this landscape and
the life that surrounded him were portrayed
in the 19th century by painters like eugenio
landesio and photographers like william
Andrew Jackson
this stone bridge goes through what
remains of the Magdalena River above passes
from the old royal road of San Angel to
coyoacán today the avenue francisco soda
welcome to the city of mexico in the
weather
the street of francisco soda before took
The name of Benito Juarez in this photo
from Guillermo Kahlo you see the crossing with the
new street or called new savior
because the study was here
and the residence of the chronicler of the
Mexico City on the way back
find the hidden farm that
belonged to the famous actress Dolores
of the river and also survives the house of
alvarado formerly known as fifth
rosalia dating from the 18th century and today is
the national library this way ends
on Centennial Avenue where
they raise the arcs that limited the
atrium of the parish of San Juan
Baptist and they still wear the shield
of the Franciscan order in the corner
there is the house of diego de ordás who does not
he inhabited it since it was built after
of the death of the captain
in front of the centennial garden was
the cinema of the same name as here
appears in two images from the 30s
shortly after its opening this room
You can also see it in a scene from the
ribbon the illusion travels by tram
Directed by Luis Buñuel in 1953
this was the aspect of the parish of
Saint John the Baptist around 1880 the
temple was completed in 1552
originally the interior was three
ships with wooden beams on the roof and
is completely transformed over the years
forty very close is the palace of
cuts that was not the housing of the
conqueror but yes the government's
coyoacán from the 18th century on the part
top is the coyote symbol
unmistakable of this locality
this is the corner of the hidalgo garden and
the street of aguayo in 1973 and here
The row appears to use the telephone number
coins on the side of the square in the
80s the buildings at the junction of
aguayo and belisario domínguez maintain
some features of its origin and in the
Opposite sidewalk the commercial premises
they continue practically the same arriving
to cuauhtémoc there is a structure that was
the luis mondragón market opened in the
20s in this shot of the same decade
he sees himself surrounded by sellers later he
became a gym and the market
relocated one block in a building
designed by dogs
Vázquez and Felix candela of these
businesses located on the street of
Cuauhtémoc subsists the repair of
footwear the victory
a few steps on the corner with allende
highlights the Presbyterian chapel
margaret whitaker mcmurtry built in
in allende and london there is the
famous blue house that was owned by the
photographer william kahlo where he lived and
her daughter died the painter Frida Kahlo
near here in london and aguayo was
the pulqueria the rosita today disappeared
whose walls were decorated by
disciples of frida in 1943 to the east
down the street of the fig tree we find
a residence that tradition associates
with the malinche but it is likely that
has been a obraje in front of her is
the most well-known design chapel
like the conchita that rose in the
18th century where it was another oldest and
It is the heart of the same neighborhood
name this temple and its square have been
stage of numerous movies
Mexicans like this famous sequence of
tisoc of 1957 in what appears to be a
town of oaxaca
at the junction of fernandez loyal and peaceful
survives the rest farm of the
cam parents and those who looked like this towards
1880 and now houses the restaurant the
convent space of great tradition in the
river see you in the next capsule of
the city ​​of mexico in time
the